[Bugfix] Fixed dropdown height calculation in containers dropdown (#1238)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20250612_095418_nadija_ratkusic_graca_dropdown_height_in_containers.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Added

- A bullet item for the Added category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Changed

- A bullet item for the Changed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Deprecated

- A bullet item for the Deprecated category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->

### Fixed

> - Fixed dropdown height calculation in container controls. ([#1238](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1238))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix dynamically calculated row height for `Dropdown` when it's used within a container controls. ([#1238](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1238))
```

> - Fix dynamically calculated row height for `Dropdown` when it's used within a container. ([#1238](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1238))

Reviewer: Sorry for commenting this again but maybe it's better like this: 
```suggestion
- Fix dynamically calculated row height for `Dropdown` when it's used within `Container.controls`. ([#1238](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1238))
```
